What a coincidence!
Where's the money? Give me the money
Uncle, don't take it away, I'm mine
Here you go.
Stop
What are you doing?
What kind of relationship do you have with him?
What, do you like him?
You want to date him?
We are just deskmates
If you keep doing this, I'll be a teacher
Take a look at me
How dare you scare me with a teacher?
Don't think I dare not hit you because you are a girl.
What are you doing?
Ouch, how dare you resist?
I'm him!
Ah!
How many of you fought, who moved first?
It was Zhao Ting who beat us first
They lie.
The teacher was Zhou Tou who played first
I said if they hit anyone again
I will tell the teacher
And they hit me.
Is Zhoutou like this?
Talk to me.
Tingting
I regret the memory
At that time
I was weak.
It's all over
I really want to make up for past mistakes
Give me another chance.
Okay? Okay?
Then you can treat me to a meal of Malatang
Ok of course no problem
Fate is a wonderful thing.
I got together with Zhou Tong
Just when I said love is sweet
Tingting
Why is your nose bleeding?
I-I've been a little pissed off lately
Maybe the food is a little too greasy, really
Are you really okay?
Should I go to the hospital?
It's really okay, it's really okay, it's really okay.
Let's go. I want to eat Malatang.
OK
Hey, be quiet.
static
How is my daughter?
Your daughter is in bad shape
She has lymphoblastic leukemia.
It is recommended to treat as soon as possible
leukemia